Terms of Service
 These Terms of Service (Terms) are between IntelliSOFT (referred to as we, us and our) and the individual, organisation or other entity agreeing to these Terms (referred to as you or your), collectively referred to as the Parties or each a Party. These Terms govern the access and use of the IntelliSOFT App Plans services and any customisation or related services made available to you (IntelliSOFT App Plans Services). 

The IntelliSOFT App Plans 
Services are available on our websites including https://uwadilmstest.intellisoftkenya.com and related websites providing you access to the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services (collectively referred to as Website). 
UWAD APP PLANS TERMS OF SERVICE 
These Terms of Service (Terms) are between IntelliSOFT (referred to as we, us and our) and the individual, organisation or other entity agreeing to these Terms (referred to as you or your ), collectively referred to as the Parties or each a Party. These Terms govern the access and use of the UWADI App Plans services and any customisation or related services made available to you.

ACCEPTANCE 
These Terms form a binding legal agreement between the Parties. By using the Website and IntelliSOFT App Plans Services, you agree to comply with and be legally bound by these Terms. Please read these Terms carefully. If there are any questions regarding these Terms, you should contact us using the contact details at the end of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree to these Terms by: 
(i) ticking ‘I Agree’; 
(ii) accessing or using the UWADI App Plans Services or Website; or
(iii) making part or full payment for the UWADI App Plans Services. 
If you do not agree to these Terms, you should cease accessing or using the UWADI App Plans Services and Website immediately. If you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of an organisation, you represent and warrant that you have the power and authority to enter into and bind such organisation. You acknowledge and agree you are responsible for the acts or omissions of any person using the UWADI App Plans Services (each a User, collectively referred to as Users ). You must ensure any such User using or accessing the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services does so in accordance with these Terms. We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms at any time, effective upon the posting of modified Terms. We endeavour to communicate these changes to you via email. It is your obligation to ensure that: (a) you have read, understood and agreed to the most recent Terms available on the Website; and (b) each User accesses and uses the UWADI App Plans Services in accordance with the most recent Terms. 

OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
These Terms supplements and incorporates our Privacy Policy as set out on the Website. UWADI App Plans Services may use third party products and services. Third party terms do not form a part of these Terms. SERVICES Users can access and use UWADI App Plans Services via the Websites on any supporting computer, mobile, tablet or other device (collectively referred to as Device). We recommend the User accesses the Website and UWADI App Plans Services using recommended browsers as set out on the Website. You can access and use UWADI App Plans Services as set out on the Website: 
(a) for free (Free Package Service); or 
(b) to obtain additional features and functionalities, by purchasing a UWADI App Plans Services package ( Paid Package Service) and pay the applicable fees (Package Fee) for a 12 month period or such other fixed term as set out on the Website ( Paid Package Period). Your package may include third party products and services that provide additional features or functionalities as set out on the Website ( Third Party Products). To access and use the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services, you must complete our signup form available on the Website (Signup Form) to:
(a) create your site(s) (IntelliSOFT App Plans Site ); and 
(b) provide the personal information requested including but not limited to your name, email, mobile/cell number, organisation information (if applicable), billing details and other related information as requested by us (Account Information) to register, create and manage an account on the Website (Account). Subject to your Account Information, we will also identify third party service providers that provide customised services which may be relevant to you ( IntelliSOFT Partners). If you request a Paid Package Service, we will not provide you with access to IntelliSOFT App Plans Services including your IntelliSOFT App Plans Site or Account until the applicable Package Fee is paid by you and received by us. If you request an Add-on, we will not provide you with the Add-on product until the applicable Add-on Fee is paid by you and received by us. You can use your Account to access and utilise a portal (Portal) to perform functions as set out on the Website including to:
(a) manage billing and the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services required; 
(b) purchase Add-ons; 
(c) delete your IntelliSOFT App Plans Site(s); and 
(d) view usage statistics.

 AVAILABILITY OF WEBSITE AND MOODLE APP PLANS SERVICES
 Although we intend that access to the UWADI App Plans Services via the Website should be available on a full-time basis, the Website may be unavailable due to maintenance or other development activity from time to time. Where possible, we will provide notice to you and the Users of any maintenance or development activity in advance via email and the Website. 

SUPPORT 
We may provide limited technical support to you as set out on the Website. If you require technical support, please contact us using the contact form in the support tab (requires login). We endeavour to respond to a support request within a reasonable period of time. We may refer you to a IntelliSOFT Partner if you require specific, customised support. This may incur a support services fee. If you are on a paid plan, we endeavour to respond to your enquiry within 2 business days during standard business hours. If you are not on a paid plan we aim to respond within 5 business days. Our standard business hours are Monday to Friday, 9am-6pm, Central European Time. While we do our utmost to respond within this timeframe, response times may vary during public holidays and periods of high demand.

USER OBLIGATIONS 

You warrant that all information provided to us is true, accurate and complete. You acknowledge and agree you are responsible for how the Users use the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services and that: you are 18 years of age or older you and each User uses the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services at your own risk; all usernames and passwords required to access the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services are kept secure and confidential; if there is any unauthorised use of your password or any other breach of security, you will immediately notify us of such activity; the accessibility and reliability of the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services is dependent upon your and each User’s choice of web-browser, internet connection, Device, Device operating system other hardware and their settings; it is your responsibility to determine that the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services meet your needs and your business and are suitable for the purposes for which the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services are used; you are responsible for obtaining any consents, licences, permits and permissions from other parties as required for the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services to be provided including content within your IntelliSOFT App Plans Site, at your cost, and for providing us with the necessary consents, licences and permissions upon request; and you will cooperate with us and provide us, as reasonably requested by us from time to time, with information about your Device and/or access to your Data as is reasonably necessary to enable us to perform the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services and comply with these requests in a timely manner. 

You acknowledge and agree that: each User is authorised to use the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services and access or input any Data, Account Information or other information they input into the IntelliSOFT App Plans Site or provide to us as required for the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services; you will procure each User to use the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services in a lawful manner and in accordance with these Terms; each User will keep any and all usernames and passwords required to access the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services secure and confidential; IntelliSOFT App Plans Services may include third party products and services. Your use of IntelliSOFT App Plans Services may be subject to additional contracts or terms with such third parties including but not limited to any agreements you enter into with a IntelliSOFT Partner ( Third Party Contract). Where a Third Party Contract is in place, you acknowledge and agree any Third Party Contract(s) is solely between you and the third party. 
You may use the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services on behalf of others or in order to provide services to others but if you do so you must ensure that you are authorised to do so and that all persons for whom or to whom services are provided comply with and accept these Terms as they apply to you. We are not responsible to any person or entity other than you and nothing in these Terms confers, or purports to confer, a benefit on any other person or entity. If you use the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, you agree that: you are responsible for ensuring that you have the right to do so; we do not warrant the fitness for purpose or suitability of the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services for such third party’s purposes and third parties may not rely on us for any purpose; you are responsible for authorising any person who is given access to your Data, and you agree that we have no obligation to provide any person or entity with access to such Data without authorisation from you and may refer any requests for access to the Data to you to address; and you will indemnify us, on first demand, against any and all claims, expenses, liabilities or losses arising out of in connection with our refusal to provide any persons with access to your Data in accordance with these Terms or us making Data available to any person with authorisation from you. You remain solely responsible for complying with all applicable laws.

 It is your responsibility to ensure that the storage of and access to your Data via the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services and Website comply with laws which are applicable to you, including any laws requiring you to retain records of your Data. Each User must have their own safeguards and back-up processes in place to recover from any failures or loss of Data which might occur whilst using the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services and protecting the confidentiality of your Data with suitable management procedures, as you may see fit. PROHIBITED USE You acknowledge and agree that you and each User will not: attempt to circumvent or disable the Website or any technology features or measures in the Website by any means or in any manner; attempt to modify, copy, adapt or reproduce the Website or IntelliSOFT App Plans Services except as necessary to use it for normal operation; distribute, encumber, sell, rent, lease, sub-licence, or otherwise transfer, publish or disclose the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services to any third party (except as permitted under these Terms); remove or alter any trademark, logo, copyright or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels on the Website or used in connection with the Website or IntelliSOFT App Plans Services; use the Website or IntelliSOFT App Plans Services in any manner to aid in the violation of any third party Intellectual Property, including but not limited to another’s copyrights, trade secrets, and patents; take any action that interferes, in any manner, with our rights with respect to the Website or IntelliSOFT App Plans Services; attempt to undermine the security or integrity of the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services, Websites, IntelliSOFT App Plans Sites, servers, computing systems or a third party’s computing systems and networks hosting the Website and IntelliSOFT App Plans Services; use, or misuse, the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services and Website in any way which may impair the functionality of the Website, Service or cloud systems used to deliver the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services and Website or impair the ability of any other user to use the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services and Website; attempt to gain unauthorised access to any materials other than those to which you have been given express permission to access; and transmit, or input into the Website, any files that may damage any other person's computing devices or software, content that may be offensive, or material or Data in violation of any law (including any content protected by copyright or trade secrets which you do not have the right to use). 

You must not, and you must ensure each User does not, post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any content that: infringes, misappropriates or violates a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; is fraudulent, false, misleading or deceptive; denigrates us, the Website, the Portal, any IntelliSOFT App Plans Sites or IntelliSOFT App Plans Services; violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar, offensive, promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any other person; or promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances. Title, ownership rights and Intellectual Property rights in and to any content displayed on the Website or IntelliSOFT App Plans Services, or accessed through the Website, IntelliSOFT App Plans Sites or IntelliSOFT App Plans Services, are the property of the applicable content owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other law. These Terms give you no rights to such content or rights to any content which you do not own. You acknowledge that any breaches of this clause may lead to termination of these Terms. PRIVACY POLICY We agree to comply with the legal requirements of the Australian Privacy Principles as set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and any other applicable legislation or privacy guidelines, as set out in our privacy policy which is available on the Website. You will be taken to have read the terms of the Privacy Policy when you accept these Terms. 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
Title to, and all Intellectual Property rights in the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services, Website and IntelliSOFT App Plans Sites, and any documentation relating to the Website and IntelliSOFT App Plans Services, remain our property and the property of our successors and permitted assigns. Your right to use such Intellectual Property is subject to the terms of these Terms. Subject to these Terms, we grant you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited, revocable, sub-licensable licence to use and access the IntelliSOFT App Plans Sites for your own personal and/or non-commercial use in accordance with these Terms including to export and host the IntelliSOFT App Plans Site with a IntelliSOFT Partner or other third party providers, and not to use the IntelliSOFT App Plans Site, Website or any IntelliSOFT App Plans Services in any other way or for any other purpose, apart from those permitted by fair dealing under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) or corresponding local foreign act. This right to use and access the IntelliSOFT App Plans Site is licensed rather than sold to you. You must not use the IntelliSOFT App Plans Sites other than in accordance with these Terms and you are not to sublicense for a fee or your commercial gain. You grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide licence to use any Intellectual Property which subsists in the Data you provide in connection with the use of your Account and the provision of the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services, including copyright in any third party logos or other materials. Title to and all Intellectual Property rights in any Data you input into IntelliSOFT App Plans Services and Website remain your property. However, if you have a Paid Package Service, your access to the Data and continued use of IntelliSOFT App Plans Services, Website and any IntelliSOFT App Plans Sites is contingent on annual payments of your Paid Package Fee. You grant us a licence to use, copy, transmit, store, and back-up your information and Data for the purposes of enabling you to access and use the IntelliSOFT App Plans Services and Website and for any other purpose related to provision of IntelliSOFT App Plans Services and Website to you and the performance of our obligations under these Terms. 

FEEDBACK AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
Your feedback is important to us. We seek to resolve your concerns quickly and effectively. If you have any feedback or questions about IntelliSOFT App Plans Services or Website, please contact us using the relevant contact form as set out on the Website. If there is a dispute between the Parties in relation to these Terms, the Parties agree to the following dispute resolution procedure: The complainant must tell the respondent in writing, the nature of the dispute, what outcome the complainant wants and what action the complainant thinks will settle the dispute. The Parties agree to meet in good faith to seek to resolve the dispute by agreement between them ( Initial Meeting). If the Parties cannot agree how to resolve the dispute at the Initial Meeting, any Party may refer the matter to a mediator. If the parties cannot agree on who the mediator should be, the complainant will ask the Law Society of Western Australia to appoint a mediator. The mediator will decide the time and place for mediation. The Parties must attend the mediation in good faith, to seek to resolve the dispute. Any attempts made by the Parties to resolve a dispute pursuant to this clause are without prejudice to other rights or entitlements of the Parties under these Terms, by law or in equity. 

RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
 Any person or entity who is not a party to these Terms has no right to benefit under or to enforce any of these Terms. ASSIGNMENT These Terms are personal to you. You must not assign or deal with the whole or any part of its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without our prior written consent. Any purported dealing in breach of this clause is of no effect. WAIVER OR VARIATION OF RIGHTS Any failure or delay by us in exercising a power or right (either wholly or partially) in relation to these Terms does not operate as a waiver or prevent us from exercising that power or right or any other power or right. We are not liable to you for any loss, cost or expense that may have been caused or contributed to by the failure, delay, waiver or exercise of a power or right. POWERS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES Except as expressly stated to the contrary in these Terms, the powers, rights and/or remedies of a Party under these Terms are cumulative and are in addition to any other powers, rights and remedies of that Party. Nothing in these Terms merges, extinguishes, postpones, lessens or otherwise prejudicially affects any power, right, or remedy that a Party may have at any time against the other Party to these Terms or any other person. FORCE MAJEURE If performance of these Terms or any obligation under these Terms is prevented, restricted, or interfered with by causes beyond either party’s reasonable control (Force Majeure), and if the party unable to carry out its obligations gives the other party prompt written notice of such event, then the obligations of the party invoking this provision shall be suspended to the extent necessary by such event. The term Force Majeure shall include, without limitation, acts of God, fire, explosion, vandalism, storm or other similar occurrence, orders of acts of military or civil authority, or by national emergencies, insurrections, riots, or wars, or strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages. The excused party shall use reasonable efforts under the circumstances to avoid or remove such causes of non-performance and shall proceed to perform with reasonable dispatch whenever such causes are removed or ceased. An act or omission shall be deemed within the reasonable control of a party if committed, omitted, or caused by such party, or its employees, officers, agents, or affiliates. 

CONSENTS AND APPROVALS 
Where these Terms provide that a Party may conditionally or unconditionally give or withhold any consent or approval in relation to any matter in these Terms, that Party may in its absolute discretion, and without being obliged to give reasons for doing so, withhold any consent or approval or give consent or approval conditionally or unconditionally. FURTHER ASSURANCE Each Party must from time to time and in a timely manner do all things reasonably required of it by another Party to give effect to these Terms. 
ENFORCEABILITY
 If any provision of these Terms is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions of these Terms and the remainder of the provisions in question will not be affected.
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND UNDERSTANDING 
The date of these Terms is the date that these Terms are accepted by the User. In respect of the subject matter of these Terms: these Terms contain the entire understanding between the Parties; and all previous oral and written communications, representations, warranties or commitments are superseded by these Terms and do not affect the interpretation or meaning of these Terms. 

Contacting us For any questions, issues or feedback, please use the contact methods as set out on the Website. For any notices, please contact us using the details below: Email: apps@intellisoftkenya.com 
Last update: 12 July 2023
